welcome to this edition of appalling
twistianity we're back in our rainbow
studio it is the last day of October
and and we're progressing to declare what
Yahowah made available for us to know
regarding the actual messiah and son of
god our savior and returning king the
chosen one and he is absolutely not
The individual that Christians have been
led to believe.
Not Jesus.
There was no Jesus.
Not Mr. Christ.
Never existed.
He was a figment of Paul's imagination
created in fifty-two CE by Robin Doe
David.
Of all of his accolades and achievements.
There was someone crucified in.
There was someone who fulfilled Passover.
Matsah.
And.
Completing the fulfillment of Chag Matsah
on the.
Ninth of April.
Of that year, year four thousand years,
there was somebody who actually was an
eyewitness to what occurred on Passover
and described crucifixion a thousand years
before he endured it.
So all of those things are absolutely and
unequivocally known to us and it is doubt.
And just so that we wouldn't miss what,
well, at this point,
two point five billion people today have
obviously missed.
God authored the eighty ninth Mizmowr to
tell us unequivocally.
That the Messiah, the son of God,
the returning king and our savior is his
beloved son, Doug, who has been.
corrupted to David,
the very person that Peter and Paul both
claim was dead and buried.
And therefore all of the promises that God
made about him and through him to us
were magically transferred to a person who
is never named and who never actually
existed.
So we're concluding our review of that
material into the
around forty fifth uh statement of it uh
it uh will perhaps reach uh the end
of it before uh this end of this
program but it has been a marvelous way
to introduce uh twistianity because with
the eighty ninth Mizmowr there is zero
credibility for anything Paul wrote or
anything that you will find in the
Christian new testament it's all a product
of identity theft replacement foolology if
you will so god asks what man
of great strength and character,
who is empowered to prevail.
It's my, as an interrogatory, geber.
Geber is such an interesting term,
ladies and gentlemen,
because I was doing a series, in fact,
we just finished the series upstairs on
the Antichrist.
Daniel nine,
the person who is delivering the prophecy
is Gabriel.
And that is based upon Gerber.
And it means to be courageous,
to be capable, to be confident.
And it is,
Gerber means a man who is all of
these things.
And so the person that is proclaimed as
Gabriel is actually a man.
And it's this man.
They are the same individual.
The Gabriel and this courageous and
confident,
most capable of men is again God's beloved
son, Dowd.
And he says so throughout his testimony.
In this case,
he has made it clear that the only
person he is talking about throughout the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr is the Messiah, Dowd,
David.
So what man of great strength and
character empowered to prevail?
Chaya is actually and continually alive,
called imperfect, third person, masculine,
singular,
and will not witness death as a result
of the plague.
He is writing a rebuttal right now to
the New Testament, saving his soul.
from the hand and the influence of Sha'uwl.
That would be Paul, folks.
In other words, God's saying here,
right here in the Eighty-Ninth Psalm,
a thousand years before Paul would pen his
goddamn piece of trash letter to the
Galatians in fifty-two CE,
that Paul lied when he said that Dowd
was dead and buried.
He says that no,
Sha'uwl is the one who made this up.
The truth is that Dowd lives.
He not only had the first life where
he was the anointed Messiah,
declared the son of God,
and became the defender of Yisrael,
king of Yisrael,
the author of a hundred Mizmowr and Mishal,
Psalms and Proverbs, that...
Not only did he live that life,
he continues to live, and he would,
a thousand years after this was written,
just as he said as Gabriel through Daniel,
in five B.C.E.,
he told us exactly what day he would
arrive to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym, delineating Israel.
April ninth of thirty three as the year
that the day specifically that he would
complete Chag Matsah,
which is the day that is completed in
that year and wrote the twenty second
Mizmowr to explain exactly how he would
fulfill enduring crucifixion to fulfill
Passover and how he would take our guilt
into shield.
on Matsah so that we could be part
of God's family come Bikuwrym.
And the person who robbed him of all
of that was Sha'uwl.
Remember when Sha'uwl claims that he had his
conversion experience on the road to
Damascus,
he's got three different versions of it
because he couldn't keep his...
his history straight, but it's Sha'uwl,
Sha'uwl?
Yes, his name was Sha'uwl.
He changed it to Paulos because it sounded
a little more like Apollo and he was
writing to Greeks after all.
And he positioned himself as the ultimate
God.
When he was writing about this,
person that he made up iosu christu didn't
exist there were no gospels the first two
gospels were written by Paul's uh uh
propagandist and his uh tag along they
were written by mark and by Luke
who were Paul's pals.
And they were written ten years after
Paul's death.
Because the first fourteen letters and
books of the Christian New Testament were
all written by Paul.
Paul is the author of the Christian New
Testament.
He is the author of Christianity.
He is the creator of Jesus Christ.
And that's what this is saying is,
please now consider what this implies.
that God's saying that Paul absolutely and
unequivocally lied when he claimed that
Dowd was dead and buried because he
continues to live.
The Gabar, this most capable of men,
he lives.
He will never witness his death as a
result of this plague.
He will save his soul from the hand
and influence of Sha'uwl.
a man who even admitted that he was
demon-possessed.
Sha'uwl means to question him,
the Benjamite wolf in sheep's clothing,
who as a result of being demon-possessed,
changed his name to reflect his affinity
with Rome and with Greece,
becoming Paulos,
the principal author of the Christian New
Testament,
the father of lies and the son of
evil, the plague of death,
according to God.
Lyrics to sing, Ms.
Moore, Psalm, AD, nine, forty-eight.
Every verb, and there were three, oh no,
there were four actually in this question,
was scribed in the third person,
masculine singular,
designating a single man as the subject of
these claims, both good and then bad.
The initial character is a geber,
a great man,
a person of courage and character imbued
with the strength to prevail.
This is therefore addressing the subject
of this song.
The very person that God repeatedly says
is geber,
the very son of God who is very
much alive.
And while he would experience the death of
his corporeal body twice,
once from old age,
the other at the torturous hands of Rome
through crucifixion,
mankind's most beastly civilization in
that case, his soul always endured.
It has and will never experience death.
We have Yahowah's testimony and affirmation
on it.
Peter and Paul lied,
and that's not a casual lie because
claiming that David was dead so that they
could steal his attributes and
achievements and create this myth of Jesus
is the very foundation of Christianity.
Jesus isn't the Christ.
He is not the Messiah.
He is not the Son of God.
He is not the Savior.
He was not crucified.
He didn't exist.
He is nothing but a product of identity
theft.
He is a counterfeit.
And you have God's testimony.
But you don't have to believe God if
you don't want to.
It's your choice.
You can believe the piece of shit man
that admitted that he was demon possessed,
that never once quoted God correctly.
Never once.
He couldn't even quote his mythical Jesus
correctly because his mythical Jesus
didn't exist and there were no gospels to
quote because they wouldn't be written
until after he had written
his fourteenth letter,
and after his death,
which is why Paul never once quotes gospel
Jesus.
He claims that he serves him,
and yet he never once cited him.
Figure it out, folks.
It's not hard.
Paul lied.
The entire religion of Christianity is
based on a pile of lies.
Dowd is the antidote for the toxin,
toxic venom that was spewed from Sha'uwl's,
Paul's poison pen.
He was not only immune to the plague
of death,
but is also providing the antibodies which
to fight the virus of Christianity and
Judaism.
So while many are saved by what he
accomplished, he is the one,
he is the only one who offers salvation.
So let's be clear.
The villain here that lied is addressing
Sha'uwl, the man, not Sheowl , the place.
Sheowl  does not have hands or influence.
This place of separation can neither
plague us nor kill us.
In fact,
Sheowl  is the place of eternal
incarceration.
So it is the antithesis of death for
those who endure it.
As a black hole,
nothing reaches out from Sheowl .
This is therefore talking about the hand
of Sha'uwl,
which wrote the fourteen letters that have
plagued humankind under the curse of
Christianity,
that created the environment where the
Holocaust became possible,
that demeaned Jews by falsely claiming
that they crucified the Christian man-god.
I mean, just think how stupid that is.
Christianity and Paul want to present a
God as if he were a man.
If your God is so small and so
feeble that he becomes a man,
you got a real problem because your God
isn't God.
And second of all,
when you say that men can kill God,
your God is pretty damn anemic.
And then when your solution is, oh,
but there was a resurrection.
Physical bodies are useless.
They're meaningless.
In the case of the Torah sacrifice of
the Passover lamb, the physical body,
after it has served to feed and nourish
the people, is consumed.
It is incinerated that night.
The physical body has no value.
on an ongoing basis,
it is exceedingly limiting.
We have to go beyond our physical bodies
to be enveloped in light energy for us
to approach Yahowah.
So it is under Paul's influence.
that Christianity was conceived and
popularized among goyim,
particularly Romans and Greeks.
He was the master manipulator behind
diminishing Dowd's influence.
He was the hand that has sought to
denigrate the Messiah, the Son of God,
and the Passover lamb,
such that he could replace him with his
mythical God-man.
And it was Sha'uwl Paul who wrote that
David was dead and buried so that he
could justify transferring many of the
prophecies pertaining to the Messiah to
his pretend God, Jesus.
Sha'uwl Paul has plagued far more people
than the billions of souls who were
coerced or beguiled into placing their
faith in the religion he fathered at the
behest of Satan.
Without the son of evil and the father
of lies,
Goyim would not have come to hate Jews
or blame Jews sufficiently to cause Rome,
which was where Paul's allegiance lay,
to massacre and enslave the chosen people,
robbing Yahuwdym of their homeland.
The Roman Catholic Church,
which was based on Paul's letters,
would not have propagated the anti-Semitic
culture and conspiracies which culminated
in the Holocaust without Paul's jealousy
and his covetousness.
Muhammad likewise would never have
succeeded in establishing a religion
predicated on anti-Semitism without the
foundation laid by his predecessor,
Sha'uwl Paul.
He has become the chosen people's fiercest
and most embittered adversary.
He is responsible for the death of more
souls than anyone who has ever lived.
On God's list of most despised people,
Sha'uwl Paul,
the principal author and the inspiration
for the Christian New Testament is number
one.
To escape his grasp is difficult and often
impossible as the integrated religious and
political scheme he concocted,
read Romans XIII for that,
has tread upon the entire world,
suppressing truth and impeding freedom.
Sha'uwl will endure eternity in the place
where he was given naming rights.
It's called Sheowl ,
written exactly the same way in the Hebrew
text.
And his diabolical premise of replacement
foolology will be rebuked by the
reappearance of Daud,
the man whose life and lyrics he sought
to disparage.
And while I have requested the opportunity
to convict him,
it's Mizmowr like this which will be
brought to bear against the plague of
death.
Dowd will get the debate he has sought,
and the outcome is written in stone.
Sha'uwl will become synonymous with the
place whose name he shares, Sheowl  Hell.
Now, once again,
we find affirmation that Dowd Song,
the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
is Yahowah's answer to Christianity.
By resurrecting the Messiah and Son of
God,
it buries Sha'uwl and the religion he
foisted on an unsuspecting world.
This is the death knell for the Christian
faith and for its replacement, Messiah.
its replacement God and its revised
testimony.
Dowd is the answer, he is the one.
And therefore,
the Psalmist poses a rhetorical question
to Yahowah.
Where, he asks,
is your unWahvering love and enduring
favoritism,
which was expressed first and foremost
from the beginning,
which you promised to Dowd?
the beloved,
in harmony with your steadfast commitment
to being trustworthy and reliable,
my upright one.
Ms.
Moore, Psalm.
Since this is the forty-ninth verse of the
eighty-ninth Psalm,
this of course is a rhetorical question
because it has been answered forty-eight
times,
forty-nine if you consider the conclusion
of this question.
We can rely upon God's answer since he
is emunah, trustworthy and dependable.
The things which he has favored and these
things are articulated right from the
beginning are the things that he loves.
And this would include being faithful.
creative and enjoying an active and
conversational relationship with humankind
in a pristine environment.
And since the formation of the Beryth
covenant with Abraham and Sarah is the
dominant theme of Barashith Genesis,
the family is Yahowah's first love.
Now God chose Do to the beloved.
He became his bakowr, firstborn son.
through his single, solitary lives,
the entire story of Israel,
and the covenant is relived, retold,
and resolved.
And Dowd would have three of them.
One that concluded right around year three
thousand, yeah, four years shy of it.
One that
would resume for a year shy of year
four thousand.
Yah.
And one that.
Will.
Return for us to witness him coming with
the Yahowah on Kapoor,
which is just five days before our reentry
into the Garden of Eden.
Rather than give up on those who had
continually rejected him,
God engaged alongside the best of us.
And even then, as it was with Adam,
the Messiah was unsteady at one moment
soaring into the heavens and at the next
tumbling here on earth.
But in his prose,
our savior was brilliant and articulate.
He was a voracious reader and a voluminous
writer.
God's most learned student became our most
effective teacher.
Dowd paid attention and valued Yah's
advice,
but he also understood it and he shared
what he had come to comprehend with us.
Therefore,
it's under Dowd's guidance that Yisrael
was united in God's home.
They were protected and they thrived,
at least until they lost focus and
stumbled once again and fell under his
sun.
This time, however,
Dowd,
recognizing that he had become part of the
problem,
solved his people's rebellion against JaWah
once and for all,
at least for those who take advantage of
what he is offering.
He realized that since Sukah would be
his,
he would and should fulfill the Miqrah,
beginning with Pesach, Matsah,
then Bikuwrym, so that he could return.
on Kippur and therefore be king of Sukah.
I am certain that the shepherd and king
came to this conclusion as he and his
father were discussing homes,
their requests and God's promises and
accolades,
all of which are recorded in second Shamuel
seven.
a prophetic pronouncement that we have
considered and will continue to review
because it is so essential to
understanding God's plan with his son and
for our lives.
Now with his great mind,
Dowd would have instantly made the
connection between Yahowah's affirmations
to him and what occurred as the covenant
was confirmed on Mount Moriah.
He recognized that in the Yowbel year of
two thousand Yah,
nineteen sixty-eight BCE,
the meeting on Moriah, Mount Moriah,
served as a harbinger of Passover.
And during a discussion on beloved sons
and even only sons,
God said that he would provide the lamb
as a student of the Torah.
Dowd further realized that the Pesach Gael
had also been instrumental in providing
life and liberty for the children of
Yisrael and Mitzrayim.
He knew that on Matsah they had walked
out of the realm of religious and
political oppression.
He knew that they were reborn in the
covenant as they emerged from the sea in
the celebration of Bikuwrym.
and he was the brightest among us,
so he rightfully concluded that the
Torah's enriching enlightenment had been
initially offered during ShabuWahh.
The stage was set for the fulfillment of
the Miqrah at a later date,
presumably forty Yowbel from the day of the
previous promise,
which would make it the Yowbel year of
four thousand years.
which is thirty-three CE.
And yesterday in our program on the
conclusion of the Antichrist series,
we took the dates that Dowd provided as
Gabriel to Daniel and we did the math
and we were able to prove
that when he was talking to Daniel in
five fifty five B.C.,
he gave the exact date that he would
fulfill Chag Matsah in year four thousand
year thirty three C.E.
April ninth of that year.
He made it obvious.
It's too bad that the religious remain
oblivious.
Now,
having written the ultimate treatise on
the Torah and his hundred nineteenth
Mizmowr,
Dowd would have understood, as we have,
that with the fulfillment of the first
three Mowed,
these restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony,
the benefits of the breath would be
assured.
So he manned up Gabor'd.
in god's parlance and volunteered to do
the right thing his bashar corporal body
became the Passover lamb while his nephesh
soul carried Israel's guilt into shield
depositing it there and never to be seen
again the father's firstborn was Bikuwrym
enabled the ShabuWahh and the TaruWahh harvest
as a result of this through firstborn
children
The covenant would be firmly established.
Its benefits reliably provided.
Problem resolved.
Thanks to Father and Son.
Those who accept their gift will live
forever, be perfected,
having their guilt removed,
and then adopted into God's covenant
family, enriched and empowered.
That is what you're giving up if you
believe Paul in the Christian New
Testament.
That's what you give up if you believe
Akiba and Maimonides in the Talmud.
You give up so much more in the
Quran believing Muhammad that it would
need a thousand shows just to share it.
The Gabur would prevail given three lives.
And his soul and ours perfected and
preserved.
Heaven's door was opened.
Our relationship was reconciled.
We're invited back into Gan Eden.
And if you have a problem with God
providing a man with three lives,
Then how in the world do you expect
him to honor his commitment to bring Dowd
back?
He says that Dowd is coming back with
him.
As brilliant as the sun in his presence,
he's going to be the equivalent of God's
influence in our world.
Elyown.
So God's obviously able to take a person
who lived a long time ago and take
that soul and bring it forWahrd in time
and make that soul eternal, isn't he?
Right?
It's obvious.
Now look at Elia.
He took Elia before he passed away in
his first life and he is now going
to bring him back as one of the
two witnesses, isn't he?
Well,
the fact is there are three men who
get baptized.
three lives because the second of their
three lives is they serve as a sacrifice
to fulfill the Mowedym and that's not a
distinction you should seek because well
with two of the three it's really gruesome
and
Everyone who is part of the covenant
family gets two lives.
What would be the purpose of all of
this if God didn't bring us into a
place of eternal life,
which is the very thing he's promising
through the fulfillment of the Moab,
if everybody who accepts the terms and
conditions of the covenant and attends the
Moab Miqrah as they were designed by God
gets two lives.
So you've got everybody who is a
beneficiary has two lives.
The three fellows that make it possible
for the beneficiaries to have two lives,
have three lives not that the second one's
much fun and everyone who is opposed to
what god is offering who oppose dote who
promote a Jesus Christ that robs god's
chosen son the actual messiah for anyone
who promotes Judaism Christianity Islam or
wants to impose Marxism they also have a
second life
and it's forever.
They're not going to like it very much
because it is in Sheowl ,
which is not a place where God tortures
anybody, not a place of fires.
It's just an eternal and everlasting dark
repository.
It's like going into a black hole.
You go in, you just don't come out.
Now,
since he was the first to understand what
I'm sharing with you,
and I happen to be the second,
I like to quote my favorite prophet to
reinforce the lesson of the greatest story
ever told.
For indeed, a child was born before us.
A son was provided as a gift,
produced and given concerning us.
The opportunity to learn what can be known
about how to engage and endure in addition
to the responsibility and authority to
lead was and will be on his shoulder
as predicated upon the eagerness in which
he pursued his calling early in life.
His name, reputation,
and renown has been read and recited
a counselor providing valuable advice who
is astoundingly brilliant and amazingly
insightful,
a valiant and heroic individual,
a prominent defender and leader with
standing in the community,
the most capable,
competent and courageous man.
There's the word Gabor.
of God, Gabriel,
an eternal witness providing,
restoring testimony on behalf of the
Father,
the leader who conveys the authorized
position on reconciliation and restoration
leading to salvation,
tremendously increasing the ability to
learn about and respond to
the means to engage and endure,
to be liberated and to be empowered.
As a result of this approach,
reconciliation and restoration,
complete satisfaction and total
contentment will be without end upon his
throne, his seat of honor.
upon the status afforded to Dowd as well
as upon his kingdom through his considered
advice and counsel so as to be prepared
and established by it and to be restored
and sustained by it with the means to
exercise good judgment
and justly resolve disputes by being right
from then to now and forevermore.
It is the deep devotion and the passion,
the zeal for fervor and exclusivity,
the strong desire to accomplish something
special and ardent love,
even jealousy of YahuWahh
the vast array of spiritual implements has
engaged and will continue to act to make
this happen Yasha'yah Isaiah nine six and
seven it is reprehensible absolutely
disgusting that Christians believe
that that prophecy,
that profound declaration pertains to the
mythical Jesus Christ.
When one name was mentioned,
one person was described,
one person is called right, Tsadaq by God,
Dowd.
One person is called the Gabor of God.
One name was mentioned in this.
Dowd.
One throne is eternal.
Dowds.
One son was given for our behalf because
there is one man that is called the
very son of God.
Dowd.
Obvious, forthright, irrefutable.
that the passage most equated with the
myth of Jesus Christ was stolen from God's
beloved son, David.
And that leaves Christianity completely
naked and ashamed.
There's nothing left of it when you simply
listen to what God has to say.
If you prefer God's testimony over a
demon-possessed man,
the answer is really quite clear,
isn't it?
Yasha'yah, Isaiah,
and the Mizmowr Psalms are hand in glove.
They are most useful when brought
together.
And so it is from the perspective of
the Song of the Sun,
It elucidates Isaiah's most acclaimed
prophecy regarding the son of God.
The lyrics comprising a poem of insights
to contemplate and comprehend regarding
the constant and eternal productive and
established,
the beloved native born strong arm.
My upright one,
you remember and you have chosen to
mention that you are mindful of the
contemptible and condescending taunts and
the dishonorable and deplorable decrees
which were determined by all of the many
nations and the preponderance of the
people against those who work with you,
which I have now brought to bear in
my best judgment.
Ms.
Moore, eighty nine fifty.
Where do you go from there?
We're reading in an inspired text.
That.
It is absolutely clear.
That Yahowah has the most memorable of men
as a car.
The man that he chose, his chosen one,
who he says in this context is doubt.
And yet the contemptible and condescending
taunts of masses of Gentiles is that none
of the things that God said about Dowd
are true,
that they're all applicable to a man God
of all things.
A God so puny, he is a man.
A God so inept,
he can be killed by men.
A God so bereft of any credibility,
his name isn't mentioned anywhere in the
Torah and prophets.
All robbing God's beloved son, Dowd,
of all that they have achieved.
And this has all been brought to bear
for us to consider.
Because those in opposition to you,
Yahowah,
which would include every Christian,
every practitioner of Judaism,
every Muslim,
are insulting with their bewildering
derision and improperly discerned contempt
so as to discredit what God you have
said in such an abusive manner.
Just think of this.
I mean, it goes on.
This is because those in open opposition
to you, Yahowah,
This would be every Christian,
every Muslim,
every practitioner of Judaism are
insulting with their bewildering derision
and improperly discerned contempt so as to
discredit in an abusive manner the
footsteps,
the unWahvering and reliable stance,
the movement and the willingness for him
even to dig in his heels.
the path that he walked through these
lives of your Messiah,
because God's Messiah is Dowd.
Mashiach, your Messiah, Yahowah.
He told us in this Psalm that his
Messiah is Dowd.
And anybody that claims otherwise from
God's point of view,
is not only an imbecile, they're a jerk.
They're repulsive.
If you are a Christian,
you are repulsive to God.
If you practice Judaism where there is an
unknown Messiah and Dowd is not perceived
as the son of God,
you are disgusting to God.
The Messiah is Dowd David.
It says it right here.
And any other option is reprehensible.
It's bewildering.
It's discrediting what God has said,
and it is abusive.
Blessed by having knelt down in love to
lift up is Yahowah forevermore.
This is trustworthy.
It is verifiable.
It is reliable.
There's more lyrics to sing, so.
Eighty-nine, fifty-two.
There is only one Mashiach, Messiah.
One Ben-El, son of God.
And he is Dowd, the beloved.
He is Yahowah's Makar, chosen.
His ebed, co-worker.
An Ad Olam, eternal and restoring witness.
he is our Malek king this Mishal
articulate leader is the gabor god's most
competent and courageous man our yasha
savior because he is the raw shepherd and
the ZaroWah sacrificial lamb many would
leave god's people astray but one
would bring them back home.
Many have been wrong, but one was right.
As promised,
here is the prophecy that led to Yada
Yahowah,
the first of thousands of
translations and insights that I would
derive over time that is so enmeshed with
what we have just read that I want
to share it with you at this time.
This was also Dowd's reaWahkening,
the moment he came to understand the role
he and father would play in the
fulfillment of the covenant
So they were having a discussion on homes
of mans and gods,
of Zerah of seeds to be sown,
of Ben sons and of positions of honor.
And this does not come out of the
blue.
What we read in second Shamuel seven
follows something that I have yet to share
with you in second Shamuel six.
That is equally profound and equally
important.
because it discloses Dowd's role as the
high priest when the Ark of the Covenant
is returned upon his arrival.
And it affirms that the Ark of the
Covenant will be brought so that it is
available on the Temple Mount for Dowd to
anoint by a man named Obed Edom,
the one doing the work who is from
Edom.
And that ties in with everything that
Yasha'yah,
Isaiah would say in the sixty-third
chapter about this man who comes from
Edom, who will save many.
It is all one integrated story.
And this is a very big part of
it.
And it came to pass when the king
sat down and relaxed in his home because
Yahowah had given him a comforting respite.
from his adversaries and rancorous foes,
now that the Ark of the Covenant was
on the Temple Mount in the city of
Dowd,
underneath the Tent of the Restoring
Witness,
where it will reside once again just eight
years from now,
that the king said to Nathan,
a name that means gift, the prophet,
please look around.
I live in a house of cedar.
but the ark of God sits within curtains.
What a wonderful start because the
previous chapter just explained how
Obed-Edom was responsible for bringing it
into the city of Dowd and why it
sat there just up the ridge line from
where he was having this conversation.
So Nathan said to the king,
choose to go and do all that is
in your best judgment.
because surely Yahowah was with you.
Yeah,
he had just watched the whole parade as
Dowd,
when he was finally told by God why
there was a Baqar, a bull,
originally bringing that Ark of the
Covenant
into Jerusalem and Dowd went nutsoid when
Yahowah took the life of the man who
interfered with his plan in the picture he
was painting of that bull and the
responsibility of that bull and then Dowd
understanding was restored by Yahowah when
he explained the nature of Obed Edom and
that he is that same bull and that
dote could relax and let god do his
job through the one who was going to
make this all happen for dote and dote
then can do his job and so now
he was contemplating all of that so he
conveyed this
After Selim Yahowah was with you, which,
by the way, is how the chapter,
the previous chapter ends after the
ultimate retort.
We'll share that in another series of
programs with you coming up.
That evening,
the word of Yahowah came to Nathan.
He conveyed, go and tell Dowd.
Who?
Dowd.
Whose name was mentioned multiple times in
the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr that was the
Messiah, the Chosen One, the Savior,
the Returning King,
the one that God was going to carry
out all of these things through?
Dowd.
Who was the one that was named in
Isaiah nine, six and seven?
Dowd.
Go tell Dowd.
My coworker.
That this is what Yahowah says.
Why should you build me a home to
live in?
That is what I love about this is
that God's snarky with him.
And every time I have a conversation with
God, he's snarky with me.
It's just like, okay,
people have been really annoying.
I finally have a couple of fellows that
I can work through,
but they still are people.
They got a long way to come.
We're going to make this thing happen.
And so I'm giving them a real big
responsibility.
But in our relationship,
God is just a bit snarky.
You know,
it's like when I was having a conversation
with Leah, my wife,
about Asher when she was only a few
months old and we were talking about the
TaruWahh harvest and we were asking,
so what's going to happen with Asher?
You know,
our beloved lab when we go through this
and we leave on TaruWahh and he just
came back and said,
so where do you think you're going to
go?
Little did I know at the time,
I'm the sacrifice for TaruWahh.
I'm not going anywhere.
But it's just the attitude that he comes.
It's the exact same attitude we're
experiencing here.
God doesn't change.
The people he chooses to work with,
he has a sense of humor with.
And you either love that or you don't
like it.
He's not this Lord type that says,
bow to me and how dare you say
that kind of stuff.
No, he says, go on, go on.
Tell my coworker,
the guy I'm working through.
Now, mind you,
he is the guy that I've chosen to
work with.
His name means beloved.
So go tell him,
this is what Yahowah has to say.
Why should you build me a home to
live in?
Oh, but he wasn't done.
Indeed.
Have I not lived in a house since
the time that I...
Lifted up to be with me the children
of Yisrael out of the crucibles of
oppression and Mitzrayim.
Then as an ongoing witness to the
restoring testimony up to this day,
I have been moving about in a tent.
That's the tabernacle and home.
During any of that time when showing the
way to the benefits of the relationship
that I traveled with the children of
Yisrael,
did I say a single word to one
of the leaders of the tribes of Yisrael
whom I instructed to shepherd my people,
Yisrael, to say, hey,
why not build for me a house of
cedar?
Now, therefore,
This is what you should say to my
associate, my coworker, Dowd, the beloved.
As a result,
Yahowah of the spiritual implement says,
I took you from the sheepfolds for chasing
after lambies to be the conspicuous and
informative leader among my people over
Israel.
I have been with you throughout it all,
revealing the benefits of the
relationship.
As you journeyed through life,
I have cut off accordingly all of your
enemies from your presence and I have
engaged on your behalf to make for you
an exceptionally important name,
the greatest designation and the most
distinguished reputation when compared to
other.
designations pursuant to the relationship
on earth.
Furthermore,
I will appoint and establish a dwelling
place for my people, Israel.
I will do that.
I will plant them such that they may
abide throughout a less chaotic time than
this.
Talking about obviously the future.
They were already in Israel.
but it was a chaotic time and he's
going to return them.
He says,
I will plant them there so that they
may abide throughout a less chaotic time
than this and no longer be agitated,
anguished or terrorized.
This begins eight years from now.
They will not continue to be afflicted or
degraded,
disparaged or denigrated by Judaism,
Islam and Christianity.
by unjust and harmful,
perverted and violent descendants of evil,
as will have formerly been the case,
particularly as we go through these next
eight years.
Shamuel two, seven,
now we're at the tenth verse.
From the day which,
for the benefit of this relationship,
I appointed and instructed judges on
behalf of my people, Israel,
I will provide a respite from all of
your enemies.
In addition,
Yahowah is boldly and publicly announcing
to you that indeed he will act engaging
with you
to create the family and home of Yahowah.
He will act engaging with you, Dowd,
to create the family of Yahowah,
the covenant.
Two, seven, eleven.
And there it is.
The announcement that Yahowah would engage
with Dowd to establish his family.
This is precisely what he did in his
second of three lives by fulfilling
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
firstborn children.
Since this is accomplished for the Beryth
through the Miqraey,
the Son of God fulfilled one on behalf
of the other.
Indeed,
Dowd would become the Passover lamb.
Surely, your time has come.
will be thoroughly proclaimed and
continually fulfilled.
With everything that needs to be done,
you will rise up and take a stand
to bring into fruition with your offspring
that which you have sown for the harvest,
Zerah.
something more in the end without
hesitation for you,
for the benefit of the relationship,
it will be extracted and it's going to
be withdrawn out of a small particle of
your physiological nature.
Now, as I have stated,
Dowd's DNA was used to create the Bashar
corporal body.
His nephesh soul would occupy to fulfill
Pesach,
leading to Matsah Bikuwrym.
In so doing,
the seeds were sown that will grow into
the harvest of Bikuwrym and then ShabuWahh.
Then after the foreshadowing of the
eighty-ninth Mizmowr,
by speaking to his son,
Yahowah transitions to speaking to us about
him,
because obviously Yahowah is exceedingly
proud of what his son will accomplish.
And he wants us to know it.
That's the whole reason he dictated and
inspired the Eighty-Ninth Psalm.
And so I will establish his reign over
his kingdom.
He himself shall restore and rebuild the
family home for my name.
And I will prepare and establish the
throne of his kingdom
Forevermore, as a continuing witness,
I was, I am,
and I always will be for him as
a father.
And he was, is,
and always will be for me as a
son.
So when that which is associated with him
is warped and perverted by Christianity
and Judaism, even Islam,
twisted such that it is contrary to what
has been stated right here,
I will resolve the dispute against him.
I will vindicate him.
I will decide with him and expose and
issue a condemnation against
the weapons and staffs wielded by the
rulers of nations of men and against the
fungus and plague that has fallen upon the
descendants of Adam.
He's speaking of religion.
Dowd is the rightful heir to the family.
He lives for it.
His lives served it.
His lyrics begat it.
And for having enabled the growth of
Yahowah's family,
God's son has been afforded the ultimate
seat of honor,
one that will blaze as brilliant as the
sun upon Dowd's return.
And just as we have seen throughout Dowd's
song,
Yahowah is exceedingly disappointed and
disgusted with his people and humankind in
general for having perverted and twisted
what was associated with Dowd.
his beloved son.
And he intends to hold religious Jews,
Christians,
and Muslims accountable for what they have
done to pervert his testimony.
Thereafter,
God provided a perfect explanation of the
religious crusade to transfer the promises
he made to his Messiah to create a
mythical Christ.
He is not a fan.
God is not a Christian.
Therefore, my steadfast devotion,
my enduring love,
my commitment to the relationship and
unmitigated favor will not be removed from
him.
Never.
It will never be a disassociated with him,
never diminished regarding him or replaced
substituting him for another.
Goodbye, Christianity.
Based entirely on replacing Jesus for
doubt.
as was the case when i turned away
from and completely rejected associating
with who was the author of those first
fourteen books of the Christian new test
oh Sha'uwl Sha'uwl he serves as the harbinger
of the demon-possessed man who was torah
observed a verse that got his head handed
to him and was condemned by god or
two of them one is the foreshadow of
the other
whom to show the proper way i removed
from your presence didn't kill him now
Sha'uwl gets to live forever both of them
and she'll hell speaking directly to dote
again god concludes and so your family and
your position of authority your kingdom
and your reign are assured
as it is trustworthy and dependable,
firmly established,
credible and enduring forever as an
eternal and continuing witness in my
presence.
Your throne and seat of honor will be
established and sustained forevermore as a
restoring testimony.
consistent with all of these words and
accord with the entire revelation in this
manner,
Nathan accurately conveyed this to Dowd.
The conclusion of second Shamuel seven.
This prophecy is about houses,
who builds them and who lives in them.
It is about Dowd who had a home,
not Jesus who was homeless throughout the
myths scribed about him.
It is about what God is going to
do with and through his beloved son.
It is also about seeds and thrones,
who sows them, who sits on them.
And when it comes to such thing,
Yahowah is beside himself.
He is annoyed to the point that he
has made his point in such a vivid
way.
There shouldn't have been a single church,
mosque or temple,
shrine or house called a house of God.
And yet men have erected millions of them
with more to a false Messiah than to
anyone else.
just as God has never once asked us
to worship him, bow down before him,
or pray to him.
He does not want us to build houses
for him.
The fact is,
Yahowah is in the construction business,
and his primary expertise is in building
the most extraordinary home in the
universe for his covenant family.
having returned to the prophecy where my
journey began some twenty-four years ago
with Asher, associated with N. Shamuel,
Second Shamuel, to fourteen.
We have found the obvious answer to those
whose home and throne is being
established.
It is unequivocally delineated here in the
eighty-ninth Mizmowr and Second Shamuel
seven.
It's all about Dowd from the beginning to
the end.
Both are.
As is Isaiah nine.
It is Dowd's place of honor.
It's his kingdom,
which will endure forever.
As is affirmed throughout the prophets.
As for that other fellow,
he's never mentioned because he never
existed.
It wasn't until many years after my
initial quest to understand Asher in
Second Shamuel,
that I came to realize that God was
speaking of what Paul would do to pervert
and misappropriate Dowd's legacy.
And in this regard,
Yahowah has put us on notice that he
is going to defend his son,
which means that he is overtly opposed.
to Jesus, to a Christ, to a Paul,
to a Peter, to a New Testament,
to a church, to a Pope,
and to all Christians.
Along these lines,
I'd like to reintroduce something equally
germane to our understanding of
Shamuel to Shamuel seven and to our
appreciation of the Mizmowr Psalm
eighty-nine Both of which celebrate the
father and son relationship paramount to
the life of the king of Israel Dowd
represents more than one individual man
more perhaps than even Jakob
Note is Yisrael, his joys and heartaches,
his ongoing battles with Goyim,
his insights and errors,
the benefits he enjoyed in concert with
the covenant and the consequences he
endured when he ran afoul of it are
all shared in common with the nation that
he shepherded.
And with that, we'll conclude.
Our review of the.
Eighty ninth Psalm.
It's parallel.
In second Shamuel seven.
And close the book on this portion of
our introduction.
To appalling twisty entity.
And we'll pick up.
Where we left off.
In a subsequent edition.
Of the Yahowah vlog.
Thank you for listening.